here are some different ways to do a
multi gyaku as the punch comes in I
already have to be moving while that
hand is coming and I'm not trying to
just catch his hand it's impossible in a
real fight to catch somebody's arm so
I've got to kind of ko it to take that
entire arm to get this block or to be
already coming in and doing a hit with
this and so as I'm here I might even be
stepping back to get that block and I'm
just gonna have that whole arm once it
has that touch come down on the arm and
then I'm going to step in and try to see
if I can capture this arm with both
hands if possible doesn't always happen
and push in his elbow at this angle and
I've also got a little light touch on
the knee here and then take this down
and then we get him on his side and we
do a finish whatever you'd like to do
for that technique so how it would look
here is where it here I'm out to the
side get it in and then do some type of
other take it's interesting what to get
that bend in that arm to get that break
to happen cuz then I could just turn and
come down straight inside and do all
sorts of different moves from there so
this is one version another really good
version is I'm out here and I just come
in to do this take coming straight down
put that up inside my armpit and I've
got an armbar instantly right on here
this one's more of a sacrifice one but
it's kind of nice to go in bring it up
into my elbow and then drop straight
down inside of this one this is a pretty
effective one as well here right in and
then stay tight to his body here and you
can put your leg out for a splay on this
one as well so we got the first one out
this is the I take in the yarn pull it
in and down and the second one I'm here
drop that in and go right down in with
it last one we'll show you here I'm out
and I'm going to take the leg with this
one and try to change
up just slightly so that you can see a
different variation going high to low
here I'm out I see that knee and just
give it a hit and then I'm on the
control already here so these are some
different versions of a multi gaku
give those a try